Document object status (#53)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: explanation/instances.md

Beyond that, the instance will be removed from AMS either because you deleted it or because an error occurred during its runtime.
![Instance stop|575x521](https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/abb5becf-instance_stop.png)

### Possible instance statuses

An instance moves through different stages and correspondingly can have the following statuses depending on its current state.

| Status            |  Description |
|-------------------|--------------|
| `created`         | AMS has created an internal database object for the instance and will next schedule the instance onto a suitable LXD node. |
| `prepared`        | AMS has decided the LXD node on which it will schedule the instance. |
| `started`         | The instance is started and now booting. During the boot sequence, possible hooks are executed. Once all hooks have been executed, the instance will switch to `running`. |
| `running`         | The instance is fully up and running. |

> | `stopped`         | The instance is fully stopped and will be deleted by AMS. |

Reviewer: This is not necessarily true we can also do an `amc stop <cid>` to stop an instance and restart it again?

| `deleted`         | The instance has been deleted and will be removed from the AMS database soon. |
| `error`           | An error occurred while processing the instance. The instance is stopped. |
| `unknown`         | A possible error occurred and the real state of the instance cannot be determined. |

> If you encounter the `error` or the `unknown` status, use [`amc show <instance_id>`](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/amc-command-reference-show/40793) or [`amc-showlog`](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/amc-command-reference-show-log/40792) to troubleshoot. If you are still unable to figure out the issue, [file a bug](https://bugs.launchpad.net/anbox-cloud) with the [relevant AMS logs](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/how-to-view-the-instance-logs/24329#view-stored-logs-2).

Reviewer 2: Same above

An instance moves through different stages and correspondingly can have the following status depending on its current state.

| Status            |  Description |
|-------------------|--------------|
| `created`         | AMS has created an internal database object for the instance and will next schedule the instance onto a suitable LXD node. |
| `prepared`        | AMS has decided the LXD node on which it will schedule the instance. |

> | `started`         | The instance is started and now booting. During the boot sequence, possible hooks are executed. Only when all hooks have been executed, the instance will switch to `running`. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `started`         | The instance is started and now booting. During the boot sequence, possible hooks are executed. Once all hooks have been executed, the instance will switch to `running`. |
```

I think it reads a bit better, and I think it carries the same meaning. Wdyt?

| `prepared`        | AMS has decided the LXD node on which it will schedule the instance. |
| `started`         | The instance is started and now booting. During the boot sequence, possible hooks are executed. Once all hooks have been executed, the instance will switch to `running`. |
| `running`         | The instance is fully up and running. |

> | `stopped`         | The instance is stopped. If you wish to restart the instance, use `amc stop <instance_id>`.|

Reviewer: There is still a typo in this, it should be `amc start` to restart the instance. Either way should we even include this here ? why not just say that the instance is stopped and can be restarted if required...

Author: Oops, sorry. It should be fixed now.
